hello youtube friends in this video you
I will teach how to free ram memory
a cell phone first of all I want to thank you
that you are watching this video and I invite you
to follow me on facebook and google + and
on twitter if this video gives you something
of value please give it a like and
subscribe to my channel so that you are at
stream of all the videos that go
climbing for you
thank you very much and I hope to see you always
on my channel
currently all cell phones or
smartphones have ram memory and if not
you know what ram memory is for
a cell phone I invite you to watch the video
which is appearing at this moment
as a link there I will explain to you why
serves ram memory on a cell phone
returning the subject of that video if the
RAM works based on a
it is necessary to free it from time to time
when for the performance of
our cell phone is optimal for this is
pretty simple that a smartphone like
this one or like this one release and release your
ram memory with the simple fact of
turn it off and turn it back works
like a computer the ram memory is
a volatile memory that goes off or that
is cleaned is recycled every time
we turn off the device and return it to
to learn is a memory as property
of keeping ram memory that tends to
erase your data and it must be like
new
every time we turn off the device and
we learn it again
if we do that on a computer it 's the
same procedure on a cell phone in a
smartphone will be enough to turn off our
device count if they want 30
seconds or a minute to relearn it
and you will see that ram memory will be
released and this will result in your
smartphone retires and will be faster
will be faster when opening the
applications when running the processes
Etcetera is as simple as that
release ram memory only it
Get off the cell phone and go back and
turning it on again nothing more than that
Well, I hope this video has
been useful for you put this practice into practice
advice I give you and any questions
comment or suggestion in the section of
comments below thank you very much
as I always tell you if you had any
doubt or want to comment
you can do it in the section
comments below I will answer you what
soon possible if you liked this video
please share it with your friends and
family to grow together and
that my work is appreciated by you
thank you